# 07.17.
(https://lapse.hackclub.com/timelapse/9Upl9TW0KTCe)
I started my second projekt on HackClub, which started as a simple safe, whose lock can controlled by a keypad, if the safe combination is right. For display, I use lcd screen with I2C.
I did start the wiring, but I didn't know which pin should I use with the A4988 and stepper motor, so I looked it up. After that, I tested it, it worked, so I moved on to the lcd panel. I searched up a code example (https://projecthub.arduino.cc/arduino_uno_guy/i2c-liquid-crystal-displays-5eb615), so I could start somewhere, but it didn't worked. After many trying, and a conversation with Claude, it still didn't worked, so I gave up and went to sleep, so I can continue next day.

# 07.18.
(https://lapse.hackclub.com/timelapse/_d2tboUcd2_d)
I asked ChatGPT, why the lcd panel not working, and it highlighted the problem: I missed a line of code (Wire.begin(1, 2);), after that, it worked, so I moved on. I started testing the keypad, everything worked really well (after some errors xd), so I started adding stuffs, like the safecode, which can open the lock. After that, it worked. The project is done... NOPE! I started thinking, why would I stop here? I added users, so there will be more password, which can unlock the safe, but they need username too... and they need admins too, so I added 2 vectors, so I can extend them later. After some little errors and a lot of help from Claude and ChatGPT, I moved the whole login system to a void, so the code will be cleaner. After that, I started work on the sign up system, and I added a not permanent code to the loop (which I forgot to remove), so the user can decide to log in or create a new account (only admins should be able to create new accounts, so from now it's not a safe... it's a whole login/register system with admins and a safe mechanism xd). After that, I wrote the sign in part, and I quickly wrote down the admin UI and the normal UI, but I didn't needed the normal UI, so I deleted it. After the working sign up mechanism, I realised, I have to use the almost the same code in the change password and change status, so I just gave the code to Claude, to finish my code up. It had a few bugs, but I removed them, so it worked really well. Before that, I created the admin UI, which has 2 arrowes (I asked gemini, how to do that). After everything, I gave my code to Claude again, to fhinish my code, if it miss something, and after some debugging - and after I added the 'back to the menu button' - it finally done. Now, I can build it in irl.
I'm done with the wiring, but I have a bug: 2 random caracter after the text, I think the 'println' is the problem. I replaced all of the 'println' with 'print', and it's good now. So the project is ready :D
